Travis deploy tags to PyPI (#89)
jupyterhub/traefik-proxy: RELEASE.md

   git reset --hard $ORIGIN/master
   # WARNING! This next command deletes any untracked files in the repo
   git clean -xfd
   ```

1. Update [changelog.rst](docs/source/changelog.rst) and add it to
   the working tree.
   
   ```shell
   git add traefik-proxy/docs/source/changelog.rst
   ```

   Tip: Identifying the changes can be made easier with the help of the
   [choldgraf/github-activity](https://github.com/choldgraf/github-activity)
   utility.

1. Set a shell variable to be the new version you want to release.  
   
   ```shell
   VERSION=...  # e.g. 1.2.3
   git commit -m "release $VERSION"
   ```

   Tip: You can get the current project version by checking the [latest
   tag on GitHub](https://github.com/jupyterhub/traefik-proxy/tags).
   
1. Push your commit to master.

   ```shell
   # first push commits without a tags to ensure the
   # commits comes through, because a tag can otherwise
   # be pushed all alone without company of rejected
   # commits, and we want have our tagged release coupled
   # with a specific commit in master
   git push $ORIGIN master
   ```

1. Create a git tag for the pushed release commit and push it.

   ```shell

>    git tag -a $VERSION -m $VERSION HEAD~1

Reviewer: Referencing HEAD~1 means the second-to-latest commit, which is only relevant if we have a "back to dev" commit where we update the hardcoded version within code files.

Since all I could find was huge code files without any explicit version, the use or non-use of versioneer goes hand in hand with what to do about this as well =/

Reviewer 2: Right, no `back to dev` commit when using versioneer. Versioneer exists precisely to make the release process simpler, which is seen in the fact that there are fewer steps to take:

1. make sure you are ready (changelog, etc.)
2. create and push the tag

That's it.

   # then verify you tagged the right commit
   git log

   # then push it

>    git push $ORIGIN refs/tags/$VERSION

Author: I tried this in the latest firstuseauthenticator release and it did the job. But I will happily replace it with  `git push --follow-tags` since it's more commonly used. Thanks @minrk

>    git push $ORIGIN refs/tags/$VERSION

Reviewer: I think opting for `--follow-tags` is good, it will avoid pushing a tag that reference a commit only available on another branch etc, this way we ensure our tags reference commits on the master branch which I find to be helpful.

+1 for --follow-tags

# How to make a release

`traefik-proxy` is a package [available on
PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/jupyterhub-traefik-proxy/).
The PyPI release is done automatically by TravisCI when a tag
is pushed.

For you to follow along according to these instructions, you need
to have push rights to the [traefik-proxy GitHub
repository](https://github.com/jupyterhub/traefik-proxy).

## Steps to make a release

1. Checkout master and make sure it is up to date.

   ```shell
   ORIGIN=${ORIGIN:-origin} # set to the canonical remote, e.g. 'upstream' if 'origin' is not the official repo
   git checkout master
   git fetch $ORIGIN master
   git reset --hard $ORIGIN/master
   # WARNING! This next command deletes any untracked files in the repo
   git clean -xfd
   ```

1. Update [changelog.rst](docs/source/changelog.rst) and add it to
   the working tree.
   
   ```shell
   git add traefik-proxy/docs/source/changelog.rst
   ```

   Tip: Identifying the changes can be made easier with the help of the
   [choldgraf/github-activity](https://github.com/choldgraf/github-activity)
   utility.

1. Set a shell variable to be the new version you want to release.

>    The actual project version will be set from git automatically by versioneer.

Reviewer: I would appreciate a bit more detail about what versioneer does, perhaps referenced or written out here.

Confusion point for me:
1. Do I need to run versioneer myself, in order to automatically set the project version?
   I think the answer is no, because it is part of setup.py's invocation.
2. Is versioneer as we use it a local in-repo copy of [this versioneer project](https://github.com/warner/python-versioneer) summarized into the versioneer.py file next to our setup.py file?
3. How is the version determined? Is it by relating to the latest in branch git tag referencing a commit in the branch, like `git describe` does?

Reviewer 3: With travis (or some other CI) setup to do things "on tag" the only thing that has to be done by a human to make a release called 0.7.0 is:
```
# First, tag a new release locally:
V=0.7.0; git tag -am "release $V" $V
# Push this change up to the master repository
git push origin --tags
```

For branches and other commits which aren't exactly on the tag you get a version like `0.7.0+127.gd9335cf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The actual project version will be detected automatically by the versioneer script by inspecting git tags, and this script is running directly from setup.py when packaging is occurring.
```

Something like that is what I needed.

Reviewer: Yikes failed to polish this sentence fully, got to run quickly to the gym!

Author: @consideRatio, I tried to polish it, but I'm not sure I'm good at "polishing English".

How does this sound: *The actual project version will be detected automatically by versioneer
from git tags inspection. The versioneer script will be run by setup.py when packaging is occurring.*

I already updated the PR with this, but I will happily change it if you think is not ok.

Reviewer: @GeorgianaElena I think your version is excellent!

PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/jupyterhub-traefik-proxy/).
The PyPI release is done automatically by TravisCI when a tag
is pushed.

For you to follow along according to these instructions, you need
to have push rights to the [traefik-proxy GitHub
repository](https://github.com/jupyterhub/traefik-proxy).

## Steps to make a release

1. Checkout master and make sure it is up to date.

   ```shell
   ORIGIN=${ORIGIN:-origin} # set to the canonical remote, e.g. 'upstream' if 'origin' is not the official repo
   git checkout master
   git fetch $ORIGIN master
   git reset --hard $ORIGIN/master
   # WARNING! This next command deletes any untracked files in the repo
   git clean -xfd
   ```

1. Update [changelog.rst](docs/source/changelog.rst) and add it to
   the working tree.
   
   ```shell
   git add traefik-proxy/docs/source/changelog.rst
   ```

   Tip: Identifying the changes can be made easier with the help of the
   [choldgraf/github-activity](https://github.com/choldgraf/github-activity)
   utility.

1. Set a shell variable to be the new version you want to release.  
   
   ```shell
   VERSION=...  # e.g. 1.2.3
   git commit -m "release $VERSION"
   ```

>    Tip: You can get the current project version with:

Reviewer: This is the latest git tag referencing a commit on the branch. I've seen failures where we assume the latest git tag referenced a commit on the branch before, so it is a bit risky to assume this really is the latest released version. Checking the latest tag on github.com is a bit better I think.

   
   ```shell
   git describe --abbrev=0

>    ```

Reviewer: This is the latest git tag referencing a commit on the branch. I've seen failures where we assume the latest git tag referenced a commit on the branch before, so it is a bit risky to assume this really is the latest released version. Checking the latest tag on github.com is a bit better I think.

Author: Agree! I will link https://github.com/jupyterhub/traefik-proxy/releases instead. Thanks :sun_with_face:
